[feat] Deploying Gridsome app to ZEIT now guide (#1176)
zeit/docs: pages/guides/deploying-gridsome-to-now.mdx.txt

> import Guide from '~/components/layout/guide'

Reviewer: In line with other changes requested, please amend the file name to: `deploying-gridsome-with-zeit-now`

Author: Resolved @msweeneydev

import Snippet from '~/components/snippet'
import { InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import { GenericLink } from '~/components/text/link'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deploying a Gridsome App with ZEIT Now',
  description: 'Create your Gridsome app and deploy it with ZEIT Now.',
  published: '2019-07-26',
  authors: ['developerayo'],

>   url: '/guides/deploying-gridsome-to-now',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  url: '/guides/deploying-gridsome-with-zeit-now',
```

  image:

>     '',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    'https://og-image.now.sh/**Deploying%20Gridsome%20Apps**%20%3Cbr%3E%20with%20ZEIT%20Now.png?theme=light&md=1&fontSize=100px&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.zeit.co%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fnow-black.svg&images=https%3A%2F%2Fgridsome.org%2Flogos%2Fonly-logo.svg&widths=auto&widths=auto',
```

>   editUrl: 'pages/guides/deploying-gridsome-to-now.mdx',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  editUrl: 'pages/guides/deploying-gridsome-with-zeit-now.mdx',
```

  lastEdited: '2019-07-26'
}

> Gridsome is an open source vue.js site generator which gives developers the power to build beautiful JAMstack apps and Progressive Web Apps that are fast and scailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Gridsome](https://gridsome.org/) is an open source Vue.js site generator which gives developers the power to build apps that are fast by default.
```

> In this guide, we will cover how to deploy a Gridsome app with [ZEIT Now](/docs/v2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will discover to create a Gridsome app and deploy it with [ZEIT Now](/now).
```

## Step 1: Set Up Your Gridsome Project

> First, set up a Gridsome project using the [official Gridsome CLI](https://gridsome.org/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, set up a Gridsome project using the [Gridsome CLI](https://gridsome.org/docs/gridsome-cli/#gridsome-cli) and move into the project directory.
```

> If you do not have the Gridsome CLI installed globally on your system, use the following command to install it globally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Why removing this line? @msweeneydev

Reviewer: @Developerayo - with the changes, a link is now provided to the Gridsome CLI documentation. It is also expected that if you are using Gridsome, you will have the CLI installed.

Author: True!

> <Snippet dark text="npm i -g @gridsome/cli" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: And this line

Reviewer: @Developerayo same as above.

> <Caption>Installing Gridsome CLI global to the system's core user with <GenericLink href="https://www.npmjs.com">npm</GenericLink>.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: And this line also

Reviewer: @Developerayo same as above.

> After the installation is successful, create a new project and `cd` into the project folder. Use the following command below in your system terminal to do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: This also

Reviewer: This is now covered in an earlier sentence.

<Snippet dark text="gridsome create gridsome-project && cd gridsome-project" />

> <Caption>Creating a bootstrapped Gridsome project and moving into the directory within a terminal.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Creating a Gridsome project and moving into the project directory.</Caption>
```

> Gridsome Starter project will successfully clone `gridsome-starter-default`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The Gridsome CLI installs all the required dependencies and provisions a new project for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Next, to extend the project with client-side routing; create a `.vue` components inside the `/pages` folder to create pages routes, you can use `gridsome build` to generate static files in a `/dist` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Step 2: Deploying with Now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Deploying with ZEIT Now
```

With your project set up, you are ready to deploy your Gridsome app with [Now](/now).

If you have not yet installed Now, you can do so by [installing Now CLI](/download).

You can deploy your Gridsome app with **just a single command**:

<Snippet dark text="now" />

<Caption>
  Deploying the app with the <InlineCode>now</InlineCode> command.
</Caption>

> Once the app is deployed, you will receive a deployment URL similar to the following: <https://gridsome-project-ro3oxryae.now.sh/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deploy your Gridsome project when you push to a Git repository, you can use either [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github/) or [Now for GitLab](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-gitlab/) to have your project automatically deployed on every push, and aliased on push to master.
```
